---
layout: post
title: iOS Error
categories: ios
tags: [ios]
date: 2023-08-22
---

## iOS Error

### Missing file libarclite_iphoneos.a

> File not found: /Applications/Xcode-beta.app/Contents/Developer/Toolchains/XcodeDefault.xctoolchain/usr/lib/arc/libarclite_iphoneos.a

> Xcode 14.3 删除了arc/libarclite_iphoneos.a, 是用来管理ARC内存的

    cd /Applications/Xcode.app/Contents/Developer/Toolchains/XcodeDefault.xctoolchain/usr/lib/

    sudo mkdir arc
    cd  arc
    sudo git clone https://github.com/kamyarelyasi/Libarclite-Files.git .
    sudo chmod +x *

Now you will be able to build and run, but not Archive.

To fix this, follow the steps:

In Xcode, navigate to:

    Pods → Target Support Files → Pods-Runner or Pods-App

    Open file Pods-Runner-frameworks.sh or Pods-App-frameworks.sh

    Find the line: source="$(readlink "${source}")"

    Replace it by: source="$(readlink -f "${source}")"



post_install do |installer|
    installer.generated_projects.each do |project|
        project.targets.each do |target|
            target.build_configurations.each do |config|
                config.build_settings['IPHONEOS_DEPLOYMENT_TARGET'] = '11.0'
            end
        end
    end
end



### Error unsupported Swift architecture. How to solve this?

> When building frameworks we were using -arch arm64 or -arch arm64 and build frameworks for different architectures and then join them.

Apple changed the way they generate bridging headers this solution fails because of format of header I attached in question.

The solution for us is just remove -arch and build fat framework.

  post_install do |pi|
    pi.pods_project.targets.each do |t|
      t.build_configurations.each do |config|
        config.build_settings['ONLY_ACTIVE_ARCH'] = 'NO'
      end
    end
  end



Don't exclude any architecture from Build Settings.

I had a very similar issue with Xcode 14.3 on macOS 13.3.1.

The solution for me was this - open Xcode > Go to the "Product" menu in the menu bar and select Destination > Destination Architectures > Show Rosetta Destinations. Then you will see Rosetta in parenthesis next to the simulator name. Run it. That's all.

Here is the original source of this information - Link

### error unsupported Swift architecture

> ios中frameworks会带模拟器的运行库, 旧的一般为x86, 所以运行在Apple silicon中会报错.
解决办法:

    1. 升级frameworks 编译出arm64支持
    2. 运行rosetta模拟器

+ [Xcode 12: build Error on FIRAnalyticsConnector](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/64171400/xcode-12-build-error-on-firanalyticsconnector/64183786#64183786)
+ [pod arm64](https://stackoverflow.com/a/76212763)



## Reference
