---
layout: post
title: Web test
categories: test
tags: [test]
date: 2024-11-12
---

## Web test

Selenium: Selenium is widely used for browser automation and can handle complex interactions with dashboards and filters. It supports many languages (like Python, JavaScript, and Java) and integrates well with test frameworks like Pytest or JUnit.

Playwright: This is a modern, powerful framework by Microsoft for end-to-end testing. Playwright supports multiple browsers and allows parallel test execution. It’s known for handling complex UI elements effectively and might be great for testing dynamic dashboards.

Cypress: Cypress is popular for testing modern web applications with an interactive UI, and it offers fast execution and excellent debugging features. However, it currently supports only JavaScript, so it’s best if you’re comfortable with JavaScript or TypeScript.

TestCafe: Known for its simplicity and ease of setup, TestCafe is another JavaScript-based framework that can manage complex UI interactions and includes built-in support for testing filters and selections on dashboards.

Robot Framework: This is a Python-based framework with a Selenium library and is especially useful if you prefer a more readable, keyword-driven approach. It’s also a good choice if you need to integrate non-technical testers into the process.


### [Playwright](https://playwright.dev/)

> microsoft github star 66.9k TypeScript
> Playwright Test was created specifically to accommodate the needs of end-to-end testing. Playwright supports all modern rendering engines including Chromium, WebKit, and Firefox. Test on Windows, Linux, and macOS, locally or on CI, headless or headed with native mobile emulation of Google Chrome for Android and Mobile Safari.

### [Cypress](https://docs.cypress.io/app/get-started/why-cypress)

> github star 47k JavaScript TypeScript
> The solutions Cypress provides for testing
> The features of Cypress App, Cypress Cloud, UI Coverage, and Cypress Accessibility
> Our mission and what we believe in
> Key differences between Cypress and other testing tools

### [Testcafe](https://testcafe.io/)

> github star 9.8k JavaScript
> Automate end-to-end web testing with TestCafe, a Node.js-based testing framework.


### [robotframework](https://github.com/robotframework/robotframework#introduction)

> github star 9.9k python
> Robot Framework ® is a generic open source automation framework for acceptance testing, acceptance test driven development (ATDD), and robotic process automation (RPA). It has simple plain text syntax and it can be extended easily with generic and custom libraries.


## Reference
